DOCS-12215 adding edits from PR #51 (#62)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-security: modules/ROOT/pages/cap-policy.adoc

The HTTP Limits policy limits the size of TCP protocol messages, paths, headers, and footers. This policy does not perform checks on the content of a message.

When you configure a DoS Policy, violations to the HTTP Limits policy escalate as protocol errors.

[[anypoint_security_prereqs]]
== Prerequisites

include::partial$anypoint-security-policies-prereqs.adoc[]

== Configure an HTTP Limits Policy

You can configure and apply an HTTP Limits policy to increase or decrease default HTTP limits. 

. Navigate to *Anypoint Security*, click the *Create Policy* icon, and select *Content Attack Prevention*.
. Add a name for your policy in the *Name* field.
. Configure the following parameters for your policy:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a"]
|===
|Value |Description
|*Maximum Message Size* a| The default maximum message size allowed is 104857600 bytes. Modify this value based on the requirements of your application by setting the maximum size to a value based on a size your APIs can handle. 

> Do not set this value to a value larger than required to prevent attackers from abusing request body checking and exhausting resources. 

Reviewer: Maybe this?
```suggestion
To prevent attackers from abusing request body checking and exhausting resources, choose the smallest value that satisfies your requirements.
```
